前方路阻且長 Road resistance and length
凝望著心的嚮往 Gazing at the longing
我緊握不放的手掌 I hold the palm of my hand
不願鬆開夢想
當失敗的淚水模糊了目光 When the tears of failure blur the eyes
打溼你堅定的臉龐 Wet your firm face
也請不要遺忘 Please don't forget too
有我相伴而行 屬於你的方向 I am accompanied by you.
此時此刻 如旭日之陽 At this moment, like the sun of the sun
我們注定勢不可擋 We are destined to be unstoppable
將綻放光芒 讓掌聲迴響 Will bloom and let the applause reverberate
為歷史劃下嶄新篇章 Make a new chapter in history
劃下嶄新篇章 Make a new chapter
劃劃劃下嶄新篇章 Make a new chapter
此時此刻 已拋下迷茫 At this moment, I have lost my confusion.
我們注定突破高牆 We are destined to break through the high wall
將展翅翱翔 讓掌聲迴盪 Soaring wings, let the applause reverberate
為歷史劃下嶄新篇章 Make a new chapter in history
我們注定勢不可擋 We are destined to be unstoppable